docs: document sink into table conflict semantics (#1337)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/sql/udf/udf-foreign-data.md

---
id: udf-foreign-data

> slug: /udf-foreign-data

Reviewer: It seems that this page is not properly linked from TOC
 https://pr-1337.d2fbku9n2b6wde.amplifyapp.com/docs/dev/udf-foreign-data/

1. Connect against your local RisingWave server and type

```sql
CREATE FUNCTION select_people_table_pg(VARCHAR) RETURNS TABLE (id int, age int, name varchar) LANGUAGE python AS select_people_table_pg USING LINK 'http://localhost:8815'; -- If you are running RisingWave using Docker, replace the address with 'http://host.docker.internal:8815'.
```

## 4. Query the external data in Potsgres via RisingWave

Once the UDFs are created in RisingWave, you can use them in SQL queries to query external data from the `people` table, just like it would be stored in RisingWave.

```sql
select * from select_people_table_pg('SELECT * FROM people WHERE age > 25;'::VARCHAR);
---
 id | age |   name
----+-----+----------
  1 |  30 | Neo
  2 |  29 | Trinity
  3 |  44 | Morpheus
  5 |  35 | Cypher
  6 |  28 | Tank
  7 |  30 | Dozer
  8 |  27 | Switch
(7 rows)

-- below query is equivalent to the above one
-- but the WHERE clause is applied in RisingWave instead of filtering in postgres directly
-- it therefore has worse performance than the one above
select * from select_people_table_pg('SELECT * FROM people;'::VARCHAR) WHERE age > 25;
```

> Please note that RisingWave will not show errors, but instead empty results, e.g. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that if errors happend when evaluating the UDF, the results will be empty and error message could be found both in logs of compute nodes and the UDF server, e.g. 
```
